happy new year everyone !
i was so happy being part of the tf last year .
you are not studying , are you ?
it was meant to be a casual talk .
but she must be upset i guess .
i should have brought my car , i couldn't think of it before .
where do we meet ?
happy new year .
there is sun over the cloud here in sf .
for now , i organized all the concerned issues and sent it to you by mail .
if it is guaranteed to make good money in australia, i would go .
this is really getting on my nerves .
i was so damn scared .
when is joon coming ?
is he coming to the east room or straight to the venue ?
i guess we should change our entire plan at the park .
text me when you are not busy .
i think the red velvet and tiramisu were the best .
i totally forgot about it .
if i knew, i would've set up a plan to stay for 1 nights .
it takes 2 hours to fly to korea , and another 3 hours in the bus to get home .
william is having a really tough time these days . i guess that's on sale .
what is the name of the icecream ?
does your wife make your meal when you get home ?
are you going to that restaurant ?
the fax machine is broken
the dog buried the bone
we went grocery shopping
interesting observation was made
he was wearing a sweatshirt
he is still on our team
mystery of the lost lagoon
circumstances are unacceptable
quit while you are ahead
i like baroque and classical music
a subject one can really enjoy
all together in one big pile
double double toil and trouble
sharp cheese keeps the mind sharp
two or three cups of coffee
we better investigate this
the kids are very excited
irregular verbs are the hardest to learn
a coupon for a free sample
the gun discharged by accident
rectangular objects have four sides
the registration period is over
i want to hold your hand
universally understood to be wrong
february has an extra day
my favorite sport is racquetball
exceed the maximum speed limit
employee recruitment takes a lot of effort
insurance is important for bad drivers
not quite so smart as you think
we are subjects and must obey
you have my sympathy
if diplomacy does not work
thank you for your help
reading week is just about here
would you like to come to my house
companies announce a merger
the bathroom is good for reading
the chamber makes important decisions
the quick brown fox jumped
where can my little dog be
nobody cares anymore
the music is better than it sounds
the cotton is high
the high waves will swamp us
my favorite place to visit
please try to be home before midnight
we missed your birthday
weeping willows are found near water
i hate baking pies
just wanted to say hi .
hope you are well .
i have been busy lately , but we should do something this weekend .
we can have dinner , go to the movies or have a party .
give me a call tonight or tomorrow .
the mass transit report that came out late yesterday requires the lake region to put exchange junctions in at big intersections to improve views for oncoming traffic .
i knew something like that would happen .
there were a lot of accidents due to poor visibility .
it is a good report and i agree with what it says .
what do you think ?
hey laura, this is ben from starbucks .
i'm sorry i haven't called .
i seem to have re-sparked with a girl from my past .
i'm not sure where it is going but it had me little distracted .
after much of the northeast experienced record cold on valentine 's day , the national weather service said monday that it would be snowy in many areas before sleet or freezing rain started and rain finally arrived .
more than 60 attempts later , and congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle
please go and get the new civil wars album .
they are my absolute favorite and the new record is beautiful !
my plan is to hold a formal party with drinks and appetizers .
i have planned an event like this before , so your advice would be quite useful to me .
it would be easiest to meet in person .
you could tell me about some of the previous fundraising events that others have held .
could you visit the proposed venue sometime next week ?
then we could discuss the plan
the night saw hordes of people lining up to snap pictures next to a poster of the young piano phenom , along with dozens of people watching the performances on tv screens in the lobby .
from the front row all the way to the third floor , the concert hall was jam-packed with eager classical enthusiasts who had waited months for this very moment .
and although the performances by cho's competitors were some of the finest chopin interpretations , there was no escaping the fact that the local audience was there to see one man and one man only .